In this video.
We're going to move on to testing our last root handler of current user.
Now, on the last two tests we put together, the last two things we have tested.
I've said that they were optional videos in this case.
I really recommend you stick around because we're going to very quickly encounter a little problem around
testing this row handler that's going to have some far reaching impact on some tests we're going to
write for other services in the future.
So with that in mind, let's just tackle this thing.
Let's try to put some implementation together.
And we're going to start to see that there is a little issue around testing current user.
All right.
So as usual, I'm going to find the test directory inside there.
I'll make a new file called Current User Tests.
At the top, we will once again add in some imports, very similar to the two we put together previously.
So we will get request from super test.
And we'll get app from.
Up two directories app.
Okay.
After that, let's go ahead and put together a very simple statement.
So chances are we want to try to sign in and then make a request to current user and get a response
back and verify that the response we get back says that we have a current user of whoever we had signed
in or signed up, as it's all put together in its statement that says something like it.
Responds with details about the current.
User.
So in order to really test this thing out, we first have to sign up.
We have to somehow create a new account and then make our request to the current user endpoint.
So we're going to sign up very similar to how we had previously back inside of our sign up test.
So I'll do an await request to app.
We'll make a post request to API users sign up.
I'm going to send along a valid email.
And a valid password.
And then we'll put on a little assertion to this thing just to make sure that we signed up correctly.
So I'll put in and expect of 201.
So after this request, we should be signed up or authenticated with the application.
Right.
Makes sense.
So now we can make a follow up request right down here.
We can attempt to reach out to the current user endpoint and try to get some details about this user
that we just signed up as we can.
Then take the response, take a look at the body, the response, and make some assertion around it.
At least that is what we hope to do.
I'm going to tell you right now that it's not going to quite work out as we hope, but let's try it
out anyways.
So I'll get the response.
From making a request to.
API users current user.
I'm going to send that off.
And the response we get back should have a 200.
So I'll put on an expected of 200 like so.
So now in theory, information about the current user should be on response right there.
Now to actually get the information from the body of that response, we can refer to response body.
That's where the current user should exist.
So down here, rather than writing out an expectation right away, let's do a console log of response
body like.
So let's just take a look at that and see what we get back.
All right.
So I'm going to save this.
I'll go back over to my terminal.
It looks like my tests are running.
And sure enough, I get a current user of null, which means that I am not signed in.
Well, why is that?
We have made a request right here to sign up to the application after signing up.
We should be authenticated.
So why are we not seeing some current user coming back in the response body when we make that request
to current user?
Well, here's the issue.
We've been working in the browser and we've been working with Postman to test out all these different
route handlers.
So far, the browser and Postman have some functionality included inside them to automatically manage
cookies and send cookie data along with any follow up request to our server.
We are currently making use of super test.
However, inside of our testing setup right here and super test by default is not going to manage cookies
for us automatically.
So while we do get back a cookie during this first request right here that will supposedly authenticate
us with our server, that cookie does not get included with the follow up request.
That's the big issue.
So even though we have gotten back a cookie from the first request, it does not get sent along with
the second one.
And so our server assumes that, hey, we are not authenticated and that's why we saw a response.
That body right here with a current user of null.
So beyond just making this test pass right here, as you can imagine, at some point in time, the future,
we're going to want to send authenticated requests to test out other services we put together.
So it's really not something right here that is just relevant to this test.
It's very relevant to test.
We write in the future as well.
So we need to make sure that we come up with some kind of solution to sign up, take the cookie from
that, and make it really easy to include that cookie with follow up requests as well.
Let's take a pause right here and start to figure out some solution to that in the next video.